She's not here yet.
She's not here.
She's having my baby
and she's not here.
I'm sure everything's fine.
Has her water broken yet?
I don't know,
but when I spoke to her
she said she'd already
passed the mucus plug.
[gagging]
Do we have to know
about that?
Joey, what are you gonna do
when you have a baby?
I'm gonna be in the waiting
room, handing out cigars.
Yes, Joey's made arrangements
to have his baby
in a movie from the '50s.
I don't believe this.
I mean, she could be
giving birth in the cab.
Oh, Ross, relax,
it's probably like
two dollars
for the first contraction
and then 50 cents for each
additional contract..
What, it's okay
when Chandler does it?
You have to pick
your moments.
Hi. Did I miss it?
Did I miss it?
- No, she's not even here yet.
- What's with the guitar?
Well, I just thought
we might be here for a while
so you know, things
might get musical.
Oh, my God!
Where the hell have you been?
- We stopped at the gift shop.
- The gift..
I was looking at stuffed animals
and Susan wanted a Chunky.
Oh, Susan wanted a Chunky.
You're having a baby.
Okay? A baby.
You don't stop for Chunkies!
I used to have
that bumper sticker.
You see what I mean?
[theme music]
♪ So no one told you life
was gonna be this way ♪
♪ Your job's a joke you're broke
♪ You're love life's DOA ♪
♪ It's like you're always stuck
in second gear ♪
♪ Well it hasn't been
your day your week your month
♪ Or even your year ♪
♪ But I'll be there for you ♪
♪ When the rain starts to pour ♪
♪ I'll be there for you ♪
♪ Like I've been there before ♪
♪ 'Cause you're there
for me too ♪♪
(Ross)
'Stopped for a Chunky.'
Let it go, Ross.
I got an extra one.
You want this?
No.
Hey! How's my favorite
parenting team doing?
Dr. Franzblau. Hi.
So, I understand you're
thinking of having a baby.
Well! I see you're
nine months pregnant.
That's a good start.
How are you doing
with your contractions?
Oh, I love them.
Each one's like
a little party in my uterus.
They're every four minutes
and last 55 seconds.
59 seconds. Quartz. Ha!
Swiss quartz.
Ha-ha!
Am I allowed
to drink anything?
Ice chips. Just ice chips.
- They're the nurse's station.
- Oh, I'll get it!
- No, I'm getting it.
- No, I got it. Be right back.
I'm getting it.
Hi. Thought you might like
some ice chips.
Thanks.
And if you need
anything else..
I do not believe
we have met. Hi.
I'm Rachel Greene.
I'm Carol's ex-husband's
sister's roommate.
It's nice to meet you.
I'm Dr. Franzblau.
I'm your roommate's brother's
ex-wife's obstetrician.
[laughing]
Oh, that's funny.
[instrumental music]
- I want a baby.
- Hmm.
Not tonight, honey.
I got an early day tomorrow.
Get up. Come on.
Let's get some coffee.
Oh, okay, because
we never do that.
Shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot!
Or just fall down.
That's good too.
- Knick fan?
- Oh, yeah.
- Oh, boy, do they suck.
- Hey, listen, lady..
Whoa.
Look. Look at
your man, Ewing. Nice shot.
You know what,
he couldn't hit water
if he was standing
on a boat.
- Oh, yeah? And who do you like?
- Celtics.
Celtics? Ha!
They couldn't hit a boat if..
Wait..
They suck, alright?
Shut up. You know,
it's a rebuilding year..
[gasps]
Whoa!
Whoa! Uh, let me get
the father.
Hey! We need, we need
a father over here!
- Uh, we need a father!
- There's no father.
- Oh! Oh, oh, sorry.
- That's okay. I'm fine.
I'm, oh!
- I'm..
- Oh! Okay. Right this way.
All the other pregnant women
seem to be going in here.
[guitar music]
♪ They're tiny and chubby
and so sweet to touch ♪
♪ But soon they'll grow up
And resent you so much ♪
♪ Now they're yelling at you
and you don't know why ♪
♪ And you cry
and you cry and you cry ♪
and you cry and you cry ♪♪
- Thanks, Ross.
- Yeah. I'm paying you to stop.
- Okay?
- Okay.
(Monica)
'Oh, look, twins.
Hi, guys. Oh, cute, cute.'
No fair!
I don't even have one.
How come they get two?
- You'll get one.
- Oh, yeah? When?
(Chandler)
'Alright, I'll tell you what.'
When we're 40,
if neither of us are married
what do you say you and I
get together and have one?
Why won't I be married
when I'm 40?
Oh, oh, no.
I just meant hypothetically.
Okay, hypothetically
why won't I be
married when I'm 40?
- No. No, no.
- No, no, what is it? Seriously.
Is there something fundamentally
unmarriable about me?
- Uh, uh--
- Well?
Dear God!
This parachute is a knapsack.
- Hey.
Ooh! Look at you,
dressy-dress.
Did you go home and change?
Uh, well, it's an important day.
I want to look nice.
Um, has Dr. Franzblau
been by?
No, I haven't seen him.
Well, here is he?
He is supposed to be here.
What if the baby needs him?
Rachel, what's the deal
with you and doctors anyway?
Is like your father a doctor?
Yeah, why?
No reason.
Mom, we've been through this.
No, I am not calling him.
I don't care if it is his kid.
The guy's a jerk.
No, I am not alone.
Joey's here.
What do you mean, "Joey who?"
- Joey who?
- Tribbiani.
Joey Tribbiani.
Yes. Okay.
Hold on.
She wants to talk to you.
Take the phone!
Hi. Yeah, it's me.
No, no, no.
We're just friends.
Yeah, I'm single.
Twenty-five.
An actor. Hello?
She's not much
of a phone person.
Yeah. So, uh,
so, uh..
What's the deal
with this father guy?
I mean, If someone
was having my baby somewhere
I'd wanna know about it,
you know?
Hey, Knick fan, am I interested
in your views on fatherhood?
Uh, no.
Okay, uh..
- Look, maybe I should just go.
- Maybe you should.
Good luck.
And, uh, take care, huh?
[sighs]
Know what the Celtics'
problem is?
They let the players
run the team.
- Oh, that is so not true!
- Oh, it is.
- It is.
- It isn't.
- Breathe.
You're gonna kill me!
Fifteen more seconds,
14, 13, 12--
- Count faster!
- It's gonna be okay!
Just remember,
we're doing it for Jordy.
Just keep
focusing on Jordy.
- Who the hell is Jordy?
- Your son.
Whoa, whoa, I don't have
a son named Jordy.
We all agreed,
my son's name is Jamie.
Well, Jamie was the name
of Susan's first girlfriend
so we went back to Jordy.
Whoa, whoa, whoa! What do you
mean, "Back to Jordy?"
We never landed on Jordy.
We-we just passed by it
during the whole Jesse
Cody, Dillon fiasco.
- Ow! Ow! Ow!
- What? What? What?
- Leg cramp, leg cramp.
- Okay, I got it.
- I got it!
- I got it
- I'm doing it.
- I got it! Hey!
You get to sleep with her!
I get the cramps!
No, you don't!
Alright, that is it.
I want both of you out!
- What? She started it..
- He started it..
I don't care!
I'm trying to get a person
out of my body here
and you're not making it
any easier.
Now go!
- Thanks a lot.
- See what you did?
- Yeah. Listen--
- Out!
Breathe, breathe, breathe.
Oh, no.
Ugh! What is that?
Something exploded!
It's just her water breaking.
Calm down, will ya?
Water breaking?
What do you mean?
What's that, water breaking?
Breathe, breathe, breathe.
Oh, please.
This is so your fault.
How? How is this my fault?
Carol never threw me out of
a room before you came along.
Yeah, well,
there's a lot of things
Carol never did
before I came along.
Are you trying
to be clever?
You know what your problem is?
You are so threatened by me!
[indistinct chattering]
That's it!
Get in here, come on.
My God! You guys.
I don't believe you.
There are children
coming into the world
in this very building and
your negative fighting noises
are not the first thing
they should be hearing.
So just stop all the yelling!
Just stop it!
Yeah, Susan.
Don't make me do this again.
I don't like my voice like this.
Okay, who wants to hear
something ironic?
(in unison)
Help!
- I'm having a baby here.
- Help!
Hello!
- Okay, everyone stand back.
Ow!
Are they here yet?
No, honey, they're not but don't
worry, we're gonna find them.
and until we do, we are
all here for you, okay?
- Okay.
- Okay. Okay.
Okay, so you were telling me
about Paris.
It sounds wonderful.
There was this great little
pastry shop right by my hotel.
- Oh! Oh!
- There you go, dear.
Come on, Lydia,
you can do it! Push!
Push him out, push him out.
Harder, harder!
Push him out,
push him out. Way out!
Let's get that ball
and really move! Hey, hey!
Ho, ho! Let's get..
I was just..
Yeah, okay. Push.
Push! Push!
What are you gonna do?
Suck the door open?
Help!
- Help.
- Help!
♪ And they found their bodies
the very next day ♪
the very next.. ♪
♪ La la la ♪♪
- Help!
Mom, everything's
going fine, really.
Yeah. Ross is great.
He's uh..
He's in a whole
other place.
No. He's gone.
No, no, No, you don't
have to fly back really.
What do you mean, "This might
be your only chance?"
Would you stop?
I'm only 26.
[baby cooing]
I'm not even thinking
about babies yet.
[imitating static]
Where have you been?
Oh, I just had a baby.
Mazel tov!
I don't know, it could be
an hour, could be three
but relax,
she's doing great.
So, uh, tell me, are you
currently involved with anyone?
No! No, not at the moment.
No, I'm not. No.
- Are you in..
- No, no.
It's hard enough to get women
to go out with me.
[chuckles]
Right, yeah. Heard that
about cute doctors.
No, no, really, I suppose it's
because I spend so much time
you know...where I do.
Oh.
Hmm, I try not to let work
affect my personal life
but it's hard when-when
you do...what I do.
It's like uh..
Well, for instance,
what do you do?
I'm a waitress.
Okay, alright,
well, aren't there times
when you come home
at the end of the day
and you're just like "If I see
one more cup of coffee.."
[clears throat]
Yeah. Gotcha!
I'm gonna check up
on your friend.
Okay, that's fine.
So how'd you know
I was even here?
(Roy)
'Your mom called me.'
So is this her?
No, this is a loaner.
Listen, I'm sorry you had
to do this by yourself.
I wasn't by myself.
I had a doctor,
a nurse and a helper guy.
So did you see
who won the game?
Yeah. Knicks by ten.
They suck.
Uh, they're not so bad.
[instrumental music]
Come on, come on.
Dammit! Dammit!
This is all your fault.
This was supposed to be like
the greatest day of my life.
You know, my son
is being born and I'm..
I should be in there,
you know.
Instead I'm stuck
in a closet with you.
The woman I love
is having a baby today
I've been waiting for this
just as much as you have.
No, no, believe me,
no one has been waiting
for this just as much
as I have, okay?
And you know
what the funny thing is
when this thing is over, you get
to go home with the baby, okay.
Where does that leave me?
You get to be the baby's father.
Everyone knows who you are.
And who am I?
There's Fathers Day,
there's Mothers Day
there's no Lesbian Lover Day.
Everyday is Lesbian Lover Day!
This is so great.
You wanna explain that?
I mean, 'cause
when I was growing up
you know, my dad left
and my mother died
and my stepfather
went to jail so.
I barely had enough of pieces of
parents to make one whole one.
And here's this little baby
who has like three whole parents
who care about it so much
that they're fighting over
who gets to love it the most
and it's not even born yet.
It's just..
It's just the luckiest baby
in the whole world.
I'm sorry, you were fighting.
Where are they?
I'm sure
they'll be here soon.
Yeah, honey,
they wouldn't miss this.
Relax, you're only
at nine centimeters
and the baby's
at zero station.
Hey, you are really
frightening me.
[screaming]
Somebody wanna help me.
Trying to rip out my heart.
Uh, that's great.
Anybody seen a nipple?
Alright. Ten centimeters.
Here we go.
Alright, honey,
time to start pushin'.
But they're not here yet.
I'm sorry, I can't tell
the baby to wait for them.
Oh, God!
Okay, got the vent open.
Hey, I'm Ben.
I'm hospital worker, Ben.
It's Ben to the rescue.
- Ta-da-da!
- Okay, okay, okay.
- Ben, you ready?
- Yeah.
- Alright, give me your foot.
- Okay.
Okay, on three, Ben.
One, two, three!
[grunting]
Come on, Ben.
Okay, that's it, Ben.
Okay, okay.
What do you see?
(Phoebe)
'Well, Susan, I see
what appears to be a dark vent.'
'Wait.'
'Yes, it is in fact
a dark vent.'
Pheebs, It's open!
It's open!
Wait! You forgot your legs!
(in unison)
Push! Push!
[indistinct chattering]
- We're here.
- Where have you been?
Long story, honey.
Okay, I need you
to keep pushing.
I need..
Excuse me, can I have this?
Alright, alright, there's a few
too many people in this room
there's about to be one more, so
anybody who's not an ex-husband
or a lesbian life partner,
out you go.
[indistinct chattering]
Good luck,
you guys. Good luck.
Let me ask you, do you have to
be Carol's lesbian life partner?
Out!
Alright. Alright,
he's crowning. Here he comes!
Whoa, whoa, let me see.
I gotta see, I gotta see.
[gasps]
Oh! A head!
Oh! It's-it's huge.
Carol, how are you doing this?
Not helping!
You're doing great.
You're doing fine
- Okay, okay.
- Hello!
Oh, sorry.
What do you see?
- What do you see?
We got a head, we got shoulders,
we got arms, we go..
Oh, look at that little,
the fingers.
Oh, a chest and a stomach
and it-it's a boy.
Definitely boy. Alright.
Okay, legs, knees
and feet. Oh! Oh!
[sighs]
[gasps]
He's here.
He's a person.
[baby crying]
Oh, look at that.
Who does he look like?
Kinda like my Uncle Ed
covered in Jell-O.
Really?
(Phoebe)
'You guys, he's beautiful.'
Oh, thanks, Pheebs.
No shouting but we still need
a name for this little guy.
How about Ben?
I like Ben.
Ben.
- Ben's good.
- Yeah?
How come you never
mentioned Ben before?
We, uh, we just
cooked it up.
That's what
we were off doing.
- Hi.
- Hey.
- Can we come in?
- Yeah, come on. Come on.
[baby crying]
Everybody, there's someone
I'd like you to meet.
[baby crying]
Yeah. This is Ben.
- Oh, hi, Ben.
- Hi, Ben.
Ben, this is everybody.
Hey, Ben.
Susan, he looks
just like you.
(Susan)
'Thanks.'
Oh, God,
I can't believe
one of us actually
has one of these.
I know. I still
am one of these.
- Ross?
- Yeah.
Can I?
- Okay, the head.
- Okay.
The head. You gotta..
[instrumental music]
Hi, Ben.
Hi.
I'm your Aunt Monica.
Yes, I am!
I'm your Aunt Monica!
I..
I will always have gum.
Ben, I want you to know
that there maybe some times
when I-I may not be around.
Like this..
'But I'll still
always come back..'
...like this.
And sometimes
I may be away longer.
Like this..
'...but I'll still
always come back.'
Like this.
And sometimes,
I'll want you to steal third
and I'll go like this.
- He is so amazing!
- Yeah, I know. Look at him.
Ben?
Hey, Ben?
Nothing. I don't think
that's his name.
Oh, look, look,
he's closing his eyes.
Oh, look, he's
opening his eyes.
He doesn't do much,
does he?
Nope. This is pretty much it.
You guys wanna get some coffee?
(all)
Yeah.
Yeah, I'll see you guys later.
[instrumental music]
Oh, look, he's closing
his eyes again.